[Add-ins] (AppDomains) Note browser behavior (#597)
OfficeDev/outlook-dev-docs: docs/add-ins/manifests.md

App domains are also necessary to enable cookie sharing between the pop-out window and the add-in running in the rich client.

> The following table describes the browser behavior for URLs not belonging to the add-in's default domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes browser behavior when your add-in attempts to navigate to a URL outside of the add-in's default domain.
```

|Outlook client|Domain defined<br>in AppDomains?|Browser behavior|
|---|---|---|
|All clients|Yes|Link opens in add-in task pane.|

> |Outlook 2013 on Windows<br>Outlook 2016 on Windows (one-time purchase)|No|Link opens in Internet Explorer 11.|

Reviewer: Is the text "(one-time purchase)" intended to apply to both "Outlook 2013 on Windows" and "Outlook 2016 on Windows" ?  If yes, then I'd suggest adding the text "(one-time purchase)" after "Outlook 2013 on Windows" as well.

Author: No, it is not.
